$Id: README,v 1.5 1997-03-17 17:40:07 hayashi Exp $

Term::ReadLine::Gnu --- GNU Readline Library Wrapper Module

	Copyright (c) 1996,1997 Hiroo Hayashi.  All rights reserved.

	This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
	modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

Description:

	This is an implementation of the interface to the GNU Readline
	Library.  This module gives you input line editing facility,
	input history management facility, word completion facility,
	etc.  It uses the real GNU Readline Library.  And this module
	has the interface with the almost all variables and functions
	which are documented in the GNU Readline/History Library.  So
	you can program your custom editing function, your custom
	completion function, and so on with Perl.  This may be useful
	for prototyping before programming with C.

	Ilya Zakharevich distributes his implementation, which bases
	on Jeffrey Friedl's readline.pl.  His module works very well,
	and is easy to install because it is written by only Perl.  I
	am trying to make my module compatible with his.  He gives
	useful advises for me.

	Unfortunately readline.pl simulates old GNU Readline library.
	For example, it is not 8 bit clean and it warns to the
	variables in ~/.inputrc which it does not know yet.  We
	Japanese usually use 8 bit characters, so this is bad feature
	for me.  And I had interest with C interface facility and
	dynamic loading facility of Perl, so I thought it was a good
	chance for me to study them.  I made this module instead of
	fixing his module.

Prerequisites:
	You must have GNU Readline Library Version 2.1 which is
	included in the GNU Bash version 2.0 distribution.  See
	INSTALL.

How to build/install:
	See INSTALL.

Recent changes in this release:
	See Changes.

Bugs:
	The GNU Readline Library is very stable.  But this is my first
	XS programming, my first module programming and, my first
	object oriented programming, and...  There must be many bugs
	in both programs and documents (especially in English
	grammar).  Comments and bug reports are very welcome.

Author:
	Hiroo Hayashi <hayashi@pdcd.ilab.toshiba.co.jp>
